Impossible absolutely impossible
Aren't you just a construction site mover?
How could it be my lord?
Is what he just said true?
No wonder the master understood Linglong so soberly in the morning
OK
What did our Shangguan family do just now?
Three times and again, the adults on the shoulders are driven out
Lord, I begged for a batch of wine on gold
Who knew that Jinshang knew that you were going to use it?
But rewarded all the remaining two bottles
If you have a heart, I will thank Jin Shang
Jin Shang once said that humility is an unparalleled state affair
Even if the national support is not too much
Not to mention just two bottles of wine
The king has no praise
Guan Qianqian
Don't you want to see as much as you want?
Now my wine has arrived
How can you
Your misunderstanding is a misunderstanding
The flood washed away the Longwang Temple
Family, family
YES YES YES
Just now, it was our Shangguan family who were blind
Eyes do not know Taishan
I hope you don't blame me
I declare
Shangguan Linglong and Guan Mingcheng's wedding has been cancelled
You Shangguan family, don't regret it
What do you regret?
Your official family is powerful
No bigger than the Lord in the sky
Right, brother-in-law?